Explore my Jiangnan Liu Family Liu Shiyu
These 20 years have contributed to the decline of the entire Jiangnan
You want to take Jiang Yuxin away
Just step over my corpse
And my corpse
And me?
And me. And me.
The sky breaks my Jiangnan Yundao
I wait for nature to die
Born to Death
You ordinary people
If you want to stop me, I'm a bastard
Right
They are ordinary people
You ripped off the fig leaf of the entire Jiangnan
I am Jiangnan from the first district of the building economy
Became the last to last
From a few hundred million people to a mere 30 million today
From grandmasters everywhere to now, there are only 4 50% off left.
20-Year Great Recession
I am above Jiangnan
Twenty years
Jiangnan City Between Middle School
Today we were supposed to lift the ban on Jiangnan
And you want to destroy my Jiangnan Yundao
I have the ability to kill you
Have the ability to take our Jiangnan
The remaining 30 million were killed
What do you mean?
In the past 20 years
The King of Zhenbei banned me from Jiangnan
If it hadn't been for the Daxia guard's wife to fall away and help in secret
My Jiangnan has long been a dead place
The king of Zhenbei is getting married today
As long as my brother marries Jiang Yishi
Then I lifted the order to kill Jiangnan
Is to cut off our way of life
Cut off the life of our entire Jiangnan
To avoid mass panic
Gangnam knows about this
You only have children from the four major families
And in 20 years, there will be no choice among the four major families
Even if you get rich
That money can't reach ordinary people either
They don't even have a livelihood.
No wonder I will be like this in the future
It turned out to be like this
Lin Haoran
If you dare to take my sister away today
It is to stand in the team of the whole Jiangnan